hey everyone I just want to do a quick
vlog after the Boston na LCS finals got
back last night from it and just had a
great great time this was actually the
fourth time that I have been in Boston
but the first time I've really enjoyed
being there I think the past three times
I've gone there have been four like
packs and another event and they were
all kind of in the early spring to late
winter so it just wasn't that nice but
this time I stayed a much clearer area
of the city and the weather was much
better and by the way the stadium was so
awesome in terms of just the amount of
fans that were there the amount of
people that came out to me and had
really nice things to say if you did
thank you so much it is really inspiring
every time I meet a fan or somebody who
enjoys my content her says that they you
know so to my youtube channel or
whatever because sometimes you know
there's just like all these faceless
YouTube comments and not all of them are
positive so whenever somebody says
something nice it's a it's really
helpful so thank you so much and you
know the interesting thing about the na
LCS summer finals was that and people
who were watching my twitch channel
sometimes or maybe I've mentioned it on
one of my shows is that I didn't know if
I was actually gonna be going to it
because everyone knows I'm independent
right now and by the way travel costs
and production costs for going to an
event like this are pretty high and it's
one thing when I can just sort of drive
down the street to the LCS but it's a
whole nother thing when I have to go
across the country and put hotels and
law stuff but you know what I realized I
didn't want to miss something so awesome
I've been to every na LCS spring and
summer final and I've been to all these
major events ever since the end of
season 1 and so it's just something I
couldn't miss out on to that and I
really want to thank mobile it expand
stepped in I was kind of talking to a
couple different people about helping to
fund the trip and they came in and sort
of sponsored all the travel and
production costs of it so that it didn't
cost me any money at least to go there
and to create all that content so I
really really appreciate their help and
if you want to help me it's kind of a
proof of concept for if I can get
sponsors for this channel and how this
stuff works and if you if you want to
you can go check out mobile
. GG / travis that really really helps
me out you can check them out they use
real data for all their stuff anyway
enough about thinking those guys i want
to also talk about the fact that you
know besides obviously the fact that i
didn't want to miss it I will admit that
one of the factors in me deciding to go
was that I felt you know I listen
whenever our morals and TSM are on stage
I don't think I'm necessarily rooting
for one or the other but I will say I do
get happy and I have to admit this
whenever Peter when something is my
friend and I really want him to do well
and so I knew that if he had won on
stage and I'm just watching from Twitter
stream on the other side of the country
it wouldn't feel it's great so
definitely a factor in deciding to go
there and it was great by the way that
after the finals I was able to be there
for the press conference when everybody
got a chance to interview TSM but take a
look at the beginning of the press
conference before it started everybody
sitting down and there's a little bit of
chatter and yep looks like we're all set
alright so you might have heard
something there but I know the volume is
kind of low no one else has noticed this
by the way I looked at the YouTube
comments and the right of comments and I
didn't notice it at first either until
actually it already published the video
but if you listen and I'll turn the
volume up here you can kind of hear that
there's a little bit of a conversation
between Soren and Peter before the start
of the press conference
[Music]
yeah didn't know I was gonna be there
was excited was in the audience was
happy for him when he won didn't know I
was even going to be there and then
later on that night I see this
hey what's it what's wrong